add release notes for 0.21 release (#6049)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/release-notes.md

All published functionality in the Release Notes has been fully tested and verified with known limitations documented. To share feedback about this release, access our [NVIDIA Developer Forum](https://forums.developer.nvidia.com/).

## TensorRT-LLM Release 0.21.0

### Key Features and Enhancements
- **Model Support**
  - Added Gemma3 VLM support
- **Features**
  - Added large-scale EP support
  - Integrated NIXL into the communication layer of the disaggregated service
  - Added fabric Memory support for KV Cache Transfer
  - Added MCP in ScaffoldingLLM
  - Added support for w4a8_mxfp4_fp8 quantization

>   - Added support for fp8 rowwise quantization

Reviewer: @litaotju can we clarify which layers we added support for here?

Author: The PR is #4876 , which added the E2E support for FP8 rowwise quantization recipe.

  - Added generation logits support in TRTLLM Sampler
  - Added log probs support in TRTLLM Sampler
  - Optimized TRTLLM Sampler perf single beam single step
  - Enabled Disaggregated serving for Qwen-3
  - Added EAGLE3 support for Qwen-3
  - Fused finalize and allreduce for Qwen-MoE model
  - Refactored Fused MoE module

>   - Added chunked attention kernels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added support for chunked attention on Blackwell and Hopper
```

  - Integrated Hopper chunked attention kernels
  - Introduced sliding-window attention kernels for the generation phase on Blackwell

>   - Updated DeepSeek FP8 TRT-LLM Gen cubins

Author: Change it to "Updated DeepSeek FP8 TRT-LLM Gen cubins to improve performance in large batch size scenarios". There is no user-facing changes.

  - Added FP8 block-scale GEMM support on SM89
  - Enabled overlap scheduler between draft forwards
  - Added Piecewise cuda graph support for MLA
  - Added model-agnostic one-engine eagle3
  - Enabled Finalize + Allreduce + add + rmsnorm fusion

>   - Integrated TRT-LLM Gen FP8 block scale MoE with Pytorch workflow kernel autotuner

Reviewer 2: - Added support for Eagle3 + disaggregated serving in two model speculative decoding flow

Author: Done

- The dependent public PyTorch version is updated to 2.8.0
- The dependent NVIDIA ModelOpt version is updated to 0.31.0
- Upgrade gcc toolset version from 11 to 13

### API Changes
- Set _AutoDeployLlmArgs as primary config object
- Removed decoder request from decoder interface
- Enhanced the torch_compile_config in llm args
- Removed the redundant use_kv_cache field from PytorchConfig
- Moved allreduce_strategy from committed api to reference

### Fixed Issues
- Fixed disaggregated service hang when MNNVL two-shot AllReduce is enabled (#4678)
- Fixed EP load balancer with MTP layer and route offset by EP rank (#4767)
- Fixed cuda graph padding for spec decoding (#4853)
- Fixed llama 4 long context issue (#4809)
- Fixed max_num_sequences calculation with overlap scheduling (#4532)
- Fixed chunked prefill + overlap scheduling (#5761)
- Fixed trtllm-bench hang issue due to LLM API IPC (#4798)
- Fixed index out of bounds error in spec decoding (#5954)
- Fixed MTP illegal memory access in cuda graph warmup (#5947)
- Fixed no free slots error with spec decode + disagg (#5975)

### Known Issues
- accuracy/test_cli_flow::TestGpt2::test_beam_search_large is broken

> - accuracy/test_disaggregated_serving.py::TestDeepSeekV3Lite::test_auto_dtype[mtp_nextn=2-overlap_scheduler=True] is broken

Reviewer: @pcastonguay can you add an up-leveled description of what this failure means to the library user?

Reviewer: Or @yweng0828 ?

  - Enabled Disaggregated serving for Qwen-3
  - Added EAGLE3 support for Qwen-3
  - Fused finalize and allreduce for Qwen-MoE model
  - Refactored Fused MoE module
  - Added support for chunked attention on Blackwell and Hopper
  - Introduced sliding-window attention kernels for the generation phase on Blackwell
  - Updated DeepSeek FP8 TRT-LLM Gen cubins
  - Added FP8 block-scale GEMM support on SM89
  - Enabled overlap scheduler between draft forwards
  - Added Piecewise cuda graph support for MLA
  - Added model-agnostic one-engine eagle3
  - Enabled Finalize + Allreduce + add + rmsnorm fusion
  - Integrated TRT-LLM Gen FP8 block scale MoE with Pytorch workflow kernel autotuner
  - Added support for Eagle3 + disaggregated serving in two model speculative decoding flow
- Benchmark:
  - Added all_reduce.py benchmark script for testing
  - Added beam width to trtllm-bench latency command
  - Fixed trtllm-bench iter_stats and cuda_graph_batch_sizes errors
  - Enabled trtllm-bench to run LoRA and add basic e2e perf testing capability for LoRA
  - Supported post_proc for bench
  - Added no_kv_cache_reuse option and streaming support for trtllm serve bench

### Infrastructure Changes

> - The dependent TensorRT version is updated to 10.11.0
> - The dependent public PyTorch version is updated to 2.8.0
> - The dependent NVIDIA ModelOpt version is updated to 0.31.0
> - Upgrade gcc toolset version from 11 to 13

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The base Docker image for TensorRT-LLM is updated to `nvcr.io/nvidia/pytorch:25.05-py3`.
- The base Docker image for TensorRT-LLM Backend is updated to `nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:25.05-py3`.
- The dependent public PyTorch version is updated to 2.7.1.
- The dependent TensorRT version is updated to 10.11.
- The dependent NVIDIA ModelOpt version is updated to 0.31.
- The dependent NCCL version is updated to 2.27.5.
```
